tonight I welcome you to wam a
restaurant capable of satiating
most voracious appetites
this one was really it's the plane
that's the meat I'm son of
butcher we chose a red aoc
so we go from there babette between
code so far stagecoach
choose his room
it weighed 250 g of 180 g
accompanied by homemade fries other
on the chief mayor
after we're in the brewery spirit we're not going
murdering people is because we
does the right thing
automatically do tarots of
crowd so me it's my mind I
defend that is to say that today
maquis is the law of the month will be at
the lawyer of the 18 year old to the taste buds
of 70 years is a great melting pot dancing
establishment what I was looking for
before anything short and parliament a little
little way because you have not
always been in the restoration
I try to
the musical on Montpellier I organized
a lot of evenings I was already dj and at a
moment i wanted to open my
establishment
why conviviality while governing
in my place in the musical spirit
music is very important
institutions the same importance as the
food quality a little bit it's
true that finally here are children doing
that I came there are the shops
were there actually for the before in
some kind of my life evening
the home is great on kiffe kiffe too
the restaurant the card is there but it's
at the base is still a restaurant
so that's why we come and the
mecque is too sunk and good vibes
the mosai avenues are delicious yeah
it's true and that's it and every time
that we have seen with artists by
relationship to the mother and daughter this
weekend since we always come
eat here and there the guys who gets off too
so for example by the guy we do
mine to play tonight it's twice
that he Thursday was even faced past
the whole team here finally there is a
good vibes and that's what each time
this with pleasure that comes with the
artists have they are received as he
must and then good especially it's a kif
for me who have I have the time x and
I was able to organize the evenings
is first ivan smagghe andrew and the
roll all the clique here's the good ones
who come to eat on the banks is
Just huge
well if it's not just a place in fact
nothing to eat
until then for example there is the exhibition of
serum actually it would be boring actually
it is a living place of the hand
vernissages and tastings of
wines of parts
for example bouzid who ate with the
artists there is not only bouzid who has
ate the artists there are also other
associations etc
it's a place of life in fact it's not
a restaurant or
we take the fork and the knife
eat thanks bye bye I found that me
not at all in fact
and at the opening hourly level when
can we come here we can
come here so summer from tuesday to saturday
midday and evening and winter from Monday to
Saturday noon and Wednesday to Saturday
evening
do not go under baobab